<speak>

Dear Nobody,

I feel embarrassed now, thinking about following Laura out of the pump station
like a kicked puppy, wondering what horrible thing I might have done, until
she threw herself into this room and shut the door behind her and just
screamed. The fear of abandonment is weirdly self-centered. Because it
pre-supposes that little-old-you are filled with such immense destructive
power that you're capable of driving every person you care about away.

Anyway, at the bottom of the dam, with her on one side of the door and me on
the other, she told me that Metallurgic had bought her mom's house—her whole
neighborhood, in fact—out from under her to build a new server farm.

"Ugh, god, I don't even like that house," she said. "I don't even like
Indianapolis. I hated every minute I spent in that city as a kid. When they
told us we'd have to leave the dam, I went back to my apartment, and sat on my
bed, and I prayed to a god I don't even believe in that I wouldn't have to
move back home, that I wouldn't have to show up on my mom's front stoop with a
suitcase and a bunch of stupid excuses. "She was trying not to sound like she
was crying. But she sounded like she was crying. "I guess I got my stupid
wish, huh?"

I asked her where she'd go, and she laughed. Where else could she go? Back
home, to help her mom pack up the house, to move with her into whatever dank
little one-room hole Metallurgic's "displacement grant" will allow them to
afford. "I think I could have dealt with being one of those losers who
celebrate their fortieth birthday living in the house they grew up in. But
now? Now I don't even have that."

I had no idea how to make her feel better. So I just sat on the other side of
the door, and I started singing the song we were working on. The one about
being the last two girls on earth. And eventually, she started singing along.

Love,
Shelly

</speak>
