<speak>

For Debriefing after Presentation 2

It is virtually important that candidates choose to participate in Project:
Zero Dawn voluntarily and knowingly, without additional coercion and without
value judgment on the part of the counselor.

Confirm for candidates that they were selected due to their skill sets and
accomplishments. Emphasize that their dedicated participation in Zero Dawn
will increase the project's chances of success. Frame participation in Zero
Dawn as an opportunity to respond actively in the face of an overwhelming
threat.

Candidates may question the "fairness" of their selection. Validate such
objections as normal, even admirable responses. Emphasize the value of
candidates' expertise to the future, not just of humanity, but terrestrial
life as a whole.

Likewise, candidates may balk at the morality of extending their lifespans and
those of loved ones beyond Zero Day. Validate their hesitation. Acknowledge
that, while the reward of Elysium is not "fair," it will be earned. If
possible, redirect their ethical misgivings towards greater commitment to the
project.

When candidates challenge the plausibility of Project: Zero Dawn, permit them
to re-view Dr. Sobeck's presentation as many times as they wish and allow
access to supplemental articles G01 through P20. Allow them to suspend the
interview to fully process this documentation.

A significant minority of candidates will elect for medical euthanasia. It is
important to receive this decision kindly and without judgement. Advise them
of the 48 hour waiting period, during which counselors will be available to
discuss their decision. Emphasize that euthanasia will not occur without
repeated consent when the procedure is scheduled to take place. No one will be
euthanized against her or his will.

Candidates who elect indefinite detention must be informed that they have 48
hours to reverse their decision, after which the decision [DATA CORRUPTED]

</speak>