<speak>

Faro Automated Solutions, FAZ, is an American multinational corporate entity
that produces robots for all walks of life, though its core business consists
of military and defense contracts. As of 2063, FAZ has ranked #1 among the
Fortune 5 by gross revenue and profit for ten years in a row, a world record.
Founded in 2033 by Theodor "Ted" Faro, an entrepreneur from Salt Lake City
Utah, the company developed several promising robot prototypes in its early
years but failed to break into markets dominated by then-industry giants like
General Synthetics and re-core. This changed in 2038 with the debut of the
alfred line of levitating personal servitors, which generated exceptional
sales, lifting the company onto the Fortune 50 for the first time. Profits
tripled in the 20 40s as the company's environmental efforts, led by famed
engineer Elisabet Sobeck, catapulted FAZ to the head of that sector. In 2049,
in the wake of the successful green and climate cleanup efforts around the
globe, worldwide approval ratings of FAZ exceeded 90% and founder Ted Faro was
hailed across media and social networks as "the man who saved the world." Yet
it was the emergence of FAZ as a military contractor in the late 20 40s that
cemented its status as the world's wealthiest corporation, with a record
market capitalization of over $23 trillion. By 2055, FAZ controlled 61% of the
market share for automated military platforms, holding contracts with 353
nations, trans-governmental organizations, and corporate entities. Today, its
holdings exceed the second largest corporation (eff bee mobi hal Global) by 321%.

</speak>
