<speak>

You are now in possession of information regarding the true nature and purpose
of Project Zero Dawn, classified far above Top Secret. As such, we regret
that you cannot be allowed to leave this facility. There are three options
available to you at this point. Please consider each carefully. Trained
counselors are standing by to assist you in making your choice.

<p>1. PARTICIPATION</p>

You will be assigned to a sub-project team based on your area of expertise.
You should be aware that the way forward will be difficult and the project's
outcome is uncertain. You will be expected to work a minimum of 80 hours per
week, and your communications with family members will be strictly limited and
monitored in real time. Upon successful completion of the project, you and
your immediate family (or two persons of your choosing) will be transferred to
the 'Elysium' sealed habitat to live out the remainder of your natural lives.

<p>2. INDEFINITE DETENTION</p>

Should you choose to decline participation in Project Zero Dawn, you will be
confined indefinitely. You will be given 48 hours to reconsider, after which
your decision to refuse participation will be considered irrevocable. Every
reasonable effort will be made to make your term of confinement as comfortable
as possible, but you will not be permitted contact with the outside world, and
death within 18 months due to the Faro Plague is inevitable. When the Zero
Dawn facility is abandoned, detainees who wish not to opt for medical
euthanasia will be released.

<p>3. MEDICAL EUTHANASIA</p>

The information you have just received understandably calls into question the
purpose of continuing to live. If you would prefer to end your life at this
point, pain-free medical euthanasia is available. A 48-hour waiting period is
required, during which time you may instead opt for participation or
confinement.

Please notify a counselor when you are ready to make your choice, or if you
have further questions.

</speak>