<speak>
<p>Far Zenith: Odyssey ready for launch "imminently"</p>

HIGH ORBIT, April 1, 2065. "We're not blind to the irony of making this
announcement on April First," said Far Zenith spokesman Osvald Dalgaard in a
live holocast this morning. "But I can assure you, this is not a prank.
Construction on the Odyssey is complete. All systems appear to be entirely
operational. In short, we're ready to go. All that remains is to run
comprehensive system tests, especially of the bleeding-edge anti-matter pulse
drives, and resolve various minor logistical details."

The announcement comes a mere four years after Far Zenith's purchase of the
derelict Odyssey, abandoned in orbit in July 2057. Dalgaard wrapped the
announcement by fielding questions from press log-ons. Of the size of the
crew, Dalgaard said "Adult humans? Very minimal. Fifty to sixty individuals.
But of course the living and breathing folks aren't the real headcount here,
that'd be the 200,000 zygotes in cryo-storage." When asked about the projected
launch date, Dalgaard answered, "We're absolutely going to hit this July date.
Obviously we would have loved another few years to train our crew, but with
the situation on Earth deteriorating as it is, we've decided to move
aggressively."

Asked if he has any parting words for humanity, Osvald nods solemnly. "We
share the hope that Zero Dawn will reverse Earth's terrible crisis. Either
way, we at Far Zenith are committed to doing all we can do to ensure that
humanity has a future, if not on its home planet then elsewhere."

As to the remaining seventy-six members of Far Zenith and their identities,
Dalgaard remained characteristically coy. "They're fine" he said, "Thanks for
asking."

</speak>