<speak>

To all staff,
From Marni Jephords,
Subject, Addressing the rumors.

Some of you have overheard portions of the
<break time="30ms" /> let's call them spirited <break time="30ms" />
conversations I've been having with the charming Mr. Blevins in my office over
the past week. So let's address the honking big elephant we're crammed into
this room with: the park has been acquired by something called Firebreak, and
they're restricting access to authorized personnel. I wish I had more details
to share, but those are literally the only ones I've been given. Upshot: this
isn't a national park anymore. No visitors means no visitor center. We've got
two weeks.

I know this is not easy. If you're like me, this place represents something
bigger and more important than a paycheck. Believe me, I am right there with
you. When I say that this park is the most beautiful place in America, it's
not PR and it's not hype. It breaks my heart to think that nobody will be
around to applaud Old Faithful or stare into the Beauty Pool. But this is
where we find ourselves.

I realize there's a temptation to check out and give up, but I really really
need your help over the next two weeks. Tours will continue through Friday, so
I'm going to need guides. And even though regular ops at the gift shop are
suspended, we've got a ton of surplus merch to box up and ship back to
manufacturers, including about a bazillion unsold MonRec holofigurines (yes,
MonRec wants everything but the display figs back, no, I can't imagine why
either).

Please you guys. Just give me two more weeks of your time. I can't shut this
place down alone.

Best,
Marni

</speak>