<speak>

Last time I visited Prime was November of last year. Months since have been a
blur. Flew out last night to oversee installation of the central armature and
the master override (you're welcome, Ted) which was completed by 0430. So I
decided to grab a few hours of sleep here before heading back to ZD. Called
GAIA before I bedded down, ostensibly to update her on the site plan. But the
truth is, I missed her. I've developed a habit of speaking to her before I
sleep. Seems to be the only thing that calms me down these days.

Woke to a message from Osvald. The Odyssey launched yesterday. So
terrestrial's life chance of survival has doubled. Why, then, do I feel so
uneasy? I just keep wondering what kind of world Far Zenith will create if the
ship reaches its destination so many decades from now. And I worry about that
alpha-build of APOLLO. So much knowledge, so few restraints, and no
fail-safes. How will they avoid repeating our mistakes? What's to stop them
from playing god?

Forwarded the Odyssey message to the Alphas. Naoto replied in less than a
minute - with a poem, of course. "The Building of the Ship" by Longfellow -
and it's loooong, all right. I didn't read all of it, but it seems to be about
launching a ship, rather than building one. This stanza (or couplet, or
whatever) leapt out at me:

Humanity, with all its fears,
With all its hopes of future years,
Is hanging breathless on thy fate!

Yeah, Odyssey and Zero Dawn both. Speaking of which, I should get back to ZD.
Guess I should stop by Naoto's lab and check on DEMETER's progress, too. If I
can get out of there without a volume of Tennyson pressed into my hands, I'll
count myself lucky.

'Til next time.

</speak>