<speak>

You brought me here once to see baba teach. I didn't know it at the time, but
the class was like something out of the 20th century. He stood behond a
lectern in a real-space lecture hall, raising his umamplified voice to be
heard by flesh-and-blood cadets seated in plastic chairs. This being '45 or
'46, our air forces must've already been 60-70% automated, but the academy was
still old-school - literally.

I was suppose the quaintness of the setting fit the subject he was teaching:
"The Age of Human Airpower, 1909 - ???" The cadets probably thought the
question marks were wishful thinking - or willful ignorance. From their
perspective, the era of the human pilot was already over. But not for baba. I
can still see the medals he kept in that drawer in the bedroom, the
inscriptions in Sanskrit ("Touch the Sky with Glory," you said one meant).
Even as a Commodore in the IAF, he'd kept flying. He still remembered what it
was like to sit in a cockpit with his hand on the stick and his finger on a
trigger.

And that's how he died. June 5th, 2048. At the funeral, some Metallurgic
International rep said we should be proud he died "defending free markets."
Even then I knew that was a lie. He died defending M. Int's claim on a
Tantalum mine - that's what he died for. And why stop the truth-telling there?
Really he died because M. Int wasn't yet rich enough to afford a
fully-automated fleet, because it wasn't cost-effective to upgrade a
military-surplus Razorwing with improved electronics warfare gear. He died
because human combat pilots were just as obsolete as the crates they put them
in, and just as expendable.

Something had broken between us. I felt like an orphan, and nothing seemed to
matter any more. Which is how I lived for the next seven years... until it
almost killed me."

</speak>
